d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Student.dll.config
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Student.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Student.pdb
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Owin.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\obj\Debug\Student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\obj\Debug\Student.dll
d:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\obj\Debug\Student.pdb
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
D:\Users\Cory\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Student\Student\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
